Abrasives industry breaks through industry bottlenecks and grows stronger
Abrasives industry is a basic industry, but machining has always occupied an extremely important position. As far as abrasives are concerned, there are three aspects of improvement and breakthrough significance.
First, the physical structure of the grinding tool is improved, such as increasing the number of abrasive grains per unit time, increasing the average length of the grinding, and increasing the grinding contact surface, which changes the amount of grinding per unit time, effectively improving the efficiency. ;
Second, the application of superhard abrasives mainly refers to the use of superhard materials such as metal powder, metal oxide or CBN as fillers, and the use of resin, ceramic or metal bond as abrasives. At present, high-precision, high-efficiency grinding effects by superabrasives have been widely recognized.
Third, new abrasive tools have emerged, such as micron-sized polycrystalline ceramic microcrystalline abrasives, fine diamond abrasive spherical shell abrasives, and superfine polishing polyester film tapes. These new abrasives have the characteristics that make their grinding advantages even better.
Throughout the development of the grinding field, the future grinding process will put forward higher requirements for abrasive grinding tools. Judging from the current situation, superhard products just meet these new grinding needs. For example, CBN abrasive has good thermal stability, high hardness and good wear resistance. Therefore, the grinding machine has high line speed, high grinding efficiency and high life of grinding tools. It is especially suitable for processing high speed steel and bearing steel. Black metal materials such as stainless steel and cold-excited cast iron.
In addition, it meets various needs of ceramic bond grinding wheels, high-speed grinding wheels for atmospheric holes, and different abrasive grinding wheels and diamond saw blades of different processing surfaces, which will expand the application range with the advancement of technology and become the mainstream product of grinding processing.
