The ceramic bond grinding wheel has a wide range of applications and is widely used. It accounts for more than 70% of all bonded abrasives. Its uses throughout the hardware, mold, metal processing, jewelry, footwear, automotive and other industries. The ceramic bond grinding wheel is sintered at high temperature and has ceramic characteristics. It has good chemical stability, heat resistance and water resistance. It can be adapted to dry grinding or wet grinding of different coolants, and <a href="https://www.auroraabrasive.com/7-inches-stainless-steel-cutting-disc/">7'' cut off disc for metal</a> has high grinding efficiency. Low wear, good self-sharpness and good geometry.
The ceramic bond diamond grinding wheel has high strength, good heat resistance, sharp cutting, high grinding efficiency, no heat generation and clogging during grinding, and small thermal expansion to control the machining accuracy. Compared with the resin bond grinding wheel, he solves the problem that the resin diamond grinding wheel has a low life, the grinding efficiency is low, and the grinding tool itself is easily denatured during the grinding process. The above advantages of ceramic grinding wheel combined with diamond grinding wheel have been widely applied in wafers (semiconductor wafers and solar wafers), diamond composite sheets, diamond polycrystalline, diamond tools, cubic boron nitride, tungsten steel (as soon as they appear in developed countries). Carbide), new engineering structural ceramics, gemstones, crystals, rare earth materials (magnetic materials) and other high-hard and brittle materials in mechanical processing, and achieved good economic benefits.
1. High grinding efficiency;
2, has a high wear resistance (high wear resistance of the grinding wheel, less wear of the abrasive particles, especially when grinding very hard and very brittle workpieces);
3. The grinding force is small and the grinding temperature is low;
4. The workpiece is ground with high precision, good surface quality and good shape retention of the workpiece.
Therefore, the ceramic bond diamond grinding wheel is increasingly used in the grinding of some special materials such as diamond, industrial ceramics, diamond composite sheets, diamond polycrystals, diamond cutters, cubic boron nitride, hard alloys and other high-hard and brittle materials. The obvious advantages have a good prospect in the development of diamond abrasive tools. It is considered to be a high-performance abrasive tool with high speed, high efficiency, high precision, low grinding cost and low environmental pollution. It has more and more widely used applications and is a hot spot for research and development of grinding tools in various countries around the world.
