Grinding is an abrasive precision machining method that uses a lap and abrasive to remove a very thin layer of metal from the surface of the workpiece. The dimensional tolerance class can reach IT5~IT3, and the Ra value can reach 0.1~0.008μm.
https://www.auroraabrasive.com/7-inches-stainless-steel-cutting-disc/
1. Type of grinding:
1 Wet Grinding The liquid abrasive is applied or continuously applied to the surface of the rig so that the abrasive continuously slides and rolls between the workpiece and the lap to achieve China supply 7" cut off disc . Wet research applications are more.
2 Dry grinding The abrasive (W3.5~W0.5) is evenly pressed onto the surface of the lap, and a small amount of lubricant is applied to the surface of the lap when grinding. Dry research is mostly used for fine research.
3 The abrasive used in the semi-dry research is a paste-like abrasive paste, which can be used in both coarse and fine grinding.
2. Grinding principle:
1 Fineness: The workpiece can be cut from 0.01 to 0.1 μm.
2 Randomness: The workpiece is randomly contacted with the lap, the high points are trimmed, the error is gradually reduced, and the accuracy is improved at the same time.
3 Targeted: The workpiece can be inspected, the grinding position can be changed and the grinding time can be mastered to ensure the size and shape accuracy.
3. Grinding method: Description of the grinding plane: The grinding plane is generally carried out after fine grinding. When the plane is manually ground, the abrasive is applied to the grinding plate (the lap), and the workpiece is held for linear reciprocation or "8" movement. After grinding for a certain period of time, turn the workpiece by 90° to 180° to prevent the workpiece from tilting. For the surface of the workpiece, such as facets, square holes, slits, etc., which are to be grounded on the workpiece, it can also be ground by a hand-held lap. The plane on a simple part with a large batch size can also be ground on a plane grinder
