https://www.auroraabrasive.com/7-inches-stainless-steel-cutting-disc/
The metal bond class is divided into two categories: bronze bond and plated bond. Electroplating bond is a kind of bonding agent with higher strength. Generally, single or multi-layer abrasive grains are plated on gold by electroplating.
On the substrate, the number of abrasive grains per unit area on the working surface of the bonding agent is higher than that of other bonding agents, and the abrasive grains are barely leaked out of the surface of the bonding agent, so that the cutting classification and the grinding efficiency are high.
However, due to the thickness limitation of the coating, the total service life of the abrasive tools is not high, and a ship is used for special-purpose processing, such as cookware for forming grinding, small grinding head, nesting knife,
Electroplating knives, boring tools, etc. With the continuous improvement of the technical level, the application of cubic boron-plated gold-plated gold-containing abrasives is expanding, especially in the processing of various steel parts.
The hole is more prominent, which not only has high grinding efficiency, good economy, but also good shape accuracy. The bronze knot containing abrasive is made of copper powder and tin powder as the main material and
Other materials supplemented to improve their performance are thoroughly mixed, and then the abrasive is added thereto and uniformly mixed, and then placed in a mold to be press-formed and sintered. The bonding agent of the abrasive tool and
Abrasive particles have high bonding strength, good wear resistance and low wear, so they have a long service life and can maintain a good shape, so they can withstand large loads. But the disadvantage is self-defeating
Poor, the surface is easy to block, the heat is large, and the dressing is also very difficult. Mainly used for rough grinding of non-metallic materials such as glass, ceramics, stone, building materials, mixed materials, semiconductor materials.
