The possibility of serious injury in grinding comes from the easy occurrence of negligence: running the grinding 12 inches cut off wheel  at super high speed. When the grinding wheel is operated at a speed much higher than the rated maximum speed, it is likely to break within a few minutes of operation, and if the grinding wheel runs at a slightly higher speed than its rated speed, it may also be dangerous. This not very severe overspeed condition may cause damage to the grinding wheel, which in turn may cause chipping after further use. For example, running a reinforced 9-inch diameter, 27-type maximum rated speed of 6,600 r/min on a 7-inch angle grinder at 7,700 r/min may cause cracks in the wheel. Such cracks may cause cracking in the future.，
The following actions may also result in overspeed: Install on the sander, install the grinding wheel directly on the motor; Install the grinding wheel on the machine with incorrect grinding wheel specifications; Do not properly maintain the machine parts; Use incorrect air source, hydraulic source Or power supply; use improperly set machine speed. Operating the wheel at ultra-high speeds may cause the wheel to rupture and may cause an accident. Any of these actions can lead to catastrophic situations and can even lead to serious casualties. The danger of running at overspeed is due to centrifugal force. As a result of the rotational motion, the centrifugal force is the force that causes the weight to tighten the rope when the weight at the end of the rope makes a circular swivel motion. When the grinding wheel is rotating, the same force will cause the weight of the grinding wheel to pull the grinding wheel away from the center of rotation. The fact that the centrifugal force does not increase in proportion to the speed rise, but instead increases as the square of the speed rise, leads to the danger. When the speed of the selection doubles, the centrifugal force will increase by four times. This effect means that relatively small changes in speed can lead to a huge increase in force. In short, do not run beyond the rated speed of the wheel. The speed of the grinding machine must be compared to the speed marked on the grinding wheel or package to ensure that the speed of the machine is equal to or lower than the maximum operating speed of the grinding wheel. Exceeding this rating will not only cause the grinding wheel to rupture, but may also endanger the personal safety of the workshop personnel.
