The cutting (or dicing) of electronic components is mainly based on one-pass cutting and grinding, and its main features are as follows:
(1) The cutting material is mainly hard and brittle material [3'61. Mainly include Si, Ge, GaP, GaAs, GaAsP, LiNb〇3, BiSb and other semiconductor materials, Al203, Zr〇2, Si3N4, SiC, BaTi〇3, CaTi〇3 and other ceramic materials: various soft and hard magnetic materials, and BGA, QFN, CSP, PCB and other package composite materials, these materials are mainly characterized by high hardness and brittleness compared with metal materials: the machinability is extremely poor.thin flat cutting disc
(2) The cutting wheel is ultra-thin and has poor rigidity. Most of the cutting wheels are below 300|jm and the outer diameter is! |) 50~(()152.4mm, large diameter-to-thickness ratio, poor bending strength. The thinnest electroplated cutting wheel can reach the thinnest sintered metal bond cutting wheel up to 40pm, the thinnest resin bond cutting wheel Up to 60 pm, the thinnest base cutting wheel can reach 200 pm.
(3) Cutting quality requirements are high. The cutting surface of electronic components is mostly the final processing surface: in addition to the high dimensional accuracy and positional accuracy requirements, there are also requirements for cracking, cracks, scratches, burrs, peeling, etc. of the cutting shore area.
(4) The cutting grinding wheel has a high line speed. The speed of cutting and grinding grinding wheel of electronic components is more than 1~60,000 rpm, among which the spindle speed of the dicing machine is 30,000 to 60,000 rpm: the linear speed of the grinding wheel is generally 40~160 m/s: it is a high-speed grinding or super High speed grinding net.
(5) Cutting and grinding materials have a high removal rate. High-speed precision cutting and grinding is academically slow-feeding or high-efficiency deep grinding technology, with large grinding depth (0.05~10mm) and high feed rate (0.5-200mm/s>, high material removal rate per unit time: High processing efficiency.
(6) Cutting and grinding work environment is bad. In the high-speed precision cutting and grinding process of ultra-thin grinding wheel: it is difficult for the grinding coolant to enter the narrow groove arc area where the ultra-thin grinding wheel is ground, which makes it difficult to discharge the grinding debris and it is difficult to cool down.
It can be seen that the biggest problem facing high-speed precision cutting and grinding of electronic components is that the cutting workpiece is hard and brittle, and the cutting wheel is ultra-thin: the working environment is bad.
